I have one hundred and one things to do this morning.
1980s
Her face lost color within twenty seconds.
"We believe this lower priced iPad could be priced in the mid-to-high-$200 range," White wrote in a note to investors.
mid-to-high-$200 range
low-to-mid-$200 range
Scores of people attended the special performance.
I've been there dozens of times.
dozens of times
Young people are being priced out of the housing market.
The booming economy and a massive urbanization program have created a housing shortage and driven up prices beyond the reach of many aspirational young Chinese。
10 thousand
Period and time: october 2005 to be announced
Date and time: 10. 9. 2005 3pm
Date and time: 16. 4. 2005 3pm
Study hard and make progress every day
Everything is nothing
Our teacher set us a stiff test in English.
This company has no use for people who don't know English.
The student came along with an English dictionary under his arm.
provides thread-safe round-robin selection among available workers
Perhaps they too can achieve near God-like status by reordering the institutions of the world?
Ice Cream Award for Testers!
By 3 p.m. of this Friday (2014/6/3), whoever pass Level 30 will get a big Ice Cream Award!
Please send a picture of your Level 30 farm or above to ha_pm@funplus.com for the big reward!
I always think about one question.
What makes me so confident when I talk to interviewer? What gives me the courage to overwhelm all the challenges and problems?
Happy Dragon Boat Holiday and regards.
June 2nd (Monday) is Dragon Boat Holiday in China and from May 31 to June 2nd employees in China may enjoy three days' vacation.
Work will be resumed on June 3 (Tuesday).
I'll give you another example.
We drew courage from his example.
I say so by way of example.
This is an outstanding example of strict economy.
I like this example.
good good study, day day up
In this example we maintain only one copy of the data.
This is an example of no contrast.
That is why we have the additional predicate in the example below.
I, too, like your example!
I use that service as an example of how to determine what processing to do where.
Returning to our example.
In this example, you rotate a square on its center, but do not fill the square.
However, we include it to prepare for an example below.
As an example, compare the slide above with the one below.
This is not an isolated example.
In this example, the component itself provides the measurement.
So from this example you could see how to guide your action with your thoughts.
But notice we did not do that in our example.
Generally, I like to write scripts to do this; you will find an example below.
In this example, you want the three to occur one after the other.
In this example, all of the services are stateless, but the participants that provide and use services often are not.
So perhaps we should change the example.
I use the first approach for this example.
You'll see an example of this in the next section.
For this example, you want five partitions.
Otherwise, copy the element from this example into the existing.
These are not recommendations, but merely an example that shows what type of information you might use.
In this example, we want it to terminate.
I worked in the Funplus.
I worked in the company from October, 2013 to December, 2014.
There are five million people in Singapore.
in Singapore.
in Funplus
What's the meaning of "Everything is nothing"?
Everything is nothing.
Everything is nothing
Nowadays, a lot of people like to say "everything is nothing".
A: Between you and me. I managed to put the frog is Miss Young's handbag.
B: Good old Jack! Nobody saw you?
A: There was not a soul in the room.
A:Could you lend your bike to me for several days?
B:How long would you like to keep it?
A:Till the end of the week.
B:Yes, that'd be all right.
Steven meets Sarah at the school dining hall, and they have a chat about the ball games.
Steven: Where did you go yesterday?
Sarah: I went to play tennis in the public park.
Steven: How often do you play tennis?
Sarah: Twice a week. How about you?
Steven: I seldom play tennis. I prefer football and basketball.
Sarah: But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together.
Steven: I usually play with my schoolmates.
Sarah: Do you like watching football matches?
Steven: Yes, I went to the Tian He Sports Center for a football match last Sunday.
Sarah: Oh, I watched it on television. It was an exciting match.
A:Some people are easily flimflammed.
B:Maybe they are still wet behind the ears.
A:They are blinded with bucks. Blind people are more easily conned, of course.
B:Sure, Many people, in cluding men and women, and be easily repped off.
A：Which school is your child in?
B: She is now in a private school.
A: Oh, it costs too much. It's more expensive than the public school.
B: It's the idea of my husband. He is always banging the drum for better schools.
A: But the private schools don't amount to better schools.
Steven found that David is very fond of watching TV. He is wandering why David is such a TV buff.
Steven: I find that David is a TV buff. Whenever I come to visit, he is always watching TV.
Adam：You're really observant. He can't help but watching TV during meals or before bed. He's even watching the soccer game now.
Steven: Oh, he was watching a soccer game.
Adam: Yeah. When a soccer game comes, he doesn't even eat or sleep.
Steven: My brother is the same way. He likes watching soccer so much that its almost like a lover!
Adam: I can't understand why they're so crazy about soccer.
Steven is visiting Maria. They want to find something for fun, so Steven suggests listening to the music.
Steven: Do you want to listen to some music?
Maria: Sure. I have a lot of CDs.
Steven: What kind do you have? Could I take a look? Wow, you have quite a lot.
Maria: I like classical music mostly because my family listen to it a lot, but I really like pop songs the most.
Steven: Can you sing?
Maria: Not the newest one. and when it comes to foreign songs I can only hum.
Steven and Mike go to an art exhibition. They see the painting of Qi Baishi and feel very excited.
Steven: Mike, come and look at this painting of shrimp! It is so simple yet so vivid!
Mike: Yeah. It is incredible! Is it the work of Qi Baishi?
Steven: Yes, it is. How do you know that?
Mike: Well, Qi is famous all over the world, isn’t he? Besides I am quite interested in Chinese painting.
Steven: Cool! What kind of Chinese painting do you prefer, free sketch or claborate-style painting?
Mike: I prefer free sketch, especially the landscape paintings. I can always feel peace and harmony from those landscape paintings.
Steven: That's true. Chinese art stresses the harmony between man and nature, which is an important part of China's traditional culture.
Mike: I love this art exhibition!
Steven: So do I. Let’s go to other areas to see what they have got, shall we?
Mike: OK.
A:It depends on where you are and what position you're in. For instance, if you are in an elevator and you smile, you will make other takers uncomfortable.
B:That's an exception. But I'm fed up with those who keep a straight face in front of me.
I can't see eye to eye with you here. You see, I'm fed up with those who keep smiling to me. I mean, they smile for no reason at all.
That means you don't like them. If you hit it off with them, you will like to see their smiles.
A:I don't know why bucks have such a great charm that a great many people are after nothing else.
B:They want to be filthy with dough and think it the only source of their happiness.
A:But many rich guys don't think they are truly happy. There's always some empty feeling deep inside them.
Steven and Aaron have no idea what to do during the weekend, so they intend to play chess
Steven: How will you spend this lovely weekend?
Aaron: I have no idea, any suggestions?
Steven: We haven't played chess for a long time. How about playing chess?
Steven: It must be fun. But you know, I am not good at chess. I never won since I've learnt to play chess.
Steven: Don’t worry, I will teach you how to win.
Aaron : OK, settled then.
Steven : See you tomorrow.
Aaron : See you!
Steven gets a promotion and he is very excited, so he calls Jane and they decides to celebrate it in a bar.
Steven: I got promotion today! I become the deputy president of my company!
Jane: Oh! That's great news! Congratulations! You really need a celebration!
Steven Well, how about having a drink in the bar?
Jane：What time is it?
Steven: It is only 10 p. m.
Jane: OK, which bar?
Steven:Joe’s bar. I will pick you up later.
Jane: Great!See you later!
Steven wants to take his coworkers out to celebrate the success of their project. So they plan to go to a KTV after having the dinner.
Steven：I have a suggestion. Why don't we go to a KTV and sing?
Albert: A KTV? Are you serious?
Steven: Yes, why not? Don’t you like KTV?
Albert: I don't know. I never went to one.
Steven: Never? Really? I'm surprised.
Albert: Many Americans have never gone to a KTV. It’s not an American thing to do.
Steven: But there are a lot of KTVs in town There's one just two blocks from here.
Albert: OK, let's go.
Steven invited Nancy to watch the movie Titanic, and they talked about something about the movie after watching it.
Steven: Are you going to the movie theater with me tonight?
Nancy: Is there anything good playing?
Steven: Titanic is playing tonight. It's a blockbuster.
Nancy: Really? I want to go, too.
Steven: OK, let's meet at the movie theater entrance tonight. Don’t be late.
Nancy: No problem.(After watching the movie.)
Steven: Are you crying?
Nancy: I get a lump in my throat whenever I see a tragic movie.
Steven: Tragic movie? I think it's a love story.
Nancy: But their love is touching!
Steven: Ah, you're just too emotional.
Nancy: I am not!
Steven is calling on Dora, but he finds that she is very unhappy because of homesickness.
Steven: Hello, Dora, I haven't seen you for a long time. Where have you been?
Dora: I didn’t go anywhere. I stayed at home.
Steven: What's up? You look unhappy.
Dora: Nothing. I just feel very lonely in this city. I miss my family.
Steven: Oh, I know. Sometimes I have the same feeling with you. But you'd better not be so emotional.
Dora: Can you stay and accompany me for a while?
Steven: Sure, no problem. You can call me any time you are alone from now on.
Dora: Thank you so much. You are so sweet.
Steven: Not at all We are friends.
Steven wants to find a partner to dance, so he invites a girl called Lily. But she can't dance. Steven decides to show her how to dance.
Steven: May I invite you to dance with me?
Lily: Sorry, I can't dance.
Steven: Never mind, I can teach you.
Lily: Is it difficult to leam?
Steven: No, it is easy.
Lily: How should I do?
Steven: You just follow me.
Lily: All right. By the way, do you often dance?
Steven: Yup, because dance can relax myself.
Lily: It seems a good way.
Steven found that David is very fond of watching TV. He is wandering why David is such a TV buff.
Steven: I find that David is a TV buff. Whenever I come to visit, he is always watching TV.
Adam：You're really observant. He can't help but watching TV during meals or before bed. He's even watching the soccer game now.
Steven: Oh, he was watching a soccer game.
Adam: Yeah. When a soccer game comes, he doesn't even eat or sleep.
Steven: My brother is the same way. He likes watching soccer so much that its almost like a lover!
Adam: I can't understand why they're so crazy about soccer.
Liú chūn yàn
tián liàng
chéng guó gěn
xià yì liáng
sūn xiǎo kǎn
sūn xiào kǎn
zhai ning is playing basketball.
Zhái níng is playing basketball.
Zhái níng
Fàn wěi huá is reading.
Fàn wěi huá
Fan Weihua is reading.
Social gaming company FunPlus financing for 12 million dollars.
Yu Yang is the boss of GTC Tech.
GTC TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
Yú yáng is my boss.
Yú yáng
Guān yì tāo
Guan yitao is my boss.
Guān yì tāo is my leader.
Gu Ji is working in the Funplus.
Gù jí is my female boss.
The border gateway protocol (BGP) is vulnerable to various attacks for previous design limitations.
His arm was a rapid blur of movement as he struck.
The houses appeared as a blur in the mist.
If you move your eyes and your head, the picture will blur.
A wicked, mordant sense of humour has come to the fore in Blur's world.
Color fringes appear that tend to blur the outlines of images.
A blur of sunlight was crawling across his hair.
Everything becomes a blur when you travel beyond a certain speed.
Do drunkards blur reality, or come closer to it?
My memory of the accident is only a blur.
Our machine translation developed based on Moses codes.
These internal differences tend to blur and qualify the LDP's political power.
100 billion
I hope that I can have $100 billion one day.
The University of Macau (UM) on 10 June held the UM Prospective Freshmen Day on the new campus for over 1,000 prospective students and their parents so they could learn more about the university and the new campus.
I have the perfect place to take you.
holy crap
oh my God
Jesus Christ
freaking awesome；
what the hell
stupid ass
shut the fuck up
you've got such a nerve
totally nonsense
it will work
I said I would give him a call.
Get something to eat at the new place?
Couldn't you get one at a shop?
A little hunchback came forward and offered to escort me to the office of m. le censeur, second in charge.
God heard people say that horses are the clouds, is that true?
After a week's rain, everything in the house became damp and clammy.
We shouldn't take anything for granted.
She learned everything from me.
Everything there is made of bamboo.
Every substance, no matter what it is, is composed of very small particles called molecules.
John's wet blanket and put a damper on everything.
Charles stared, knowing that whatever he said would hang him.
It's a muddle, lass; everything is a muddle.
Many people are never out of debt because they buy everything on time.
You take'em out, you pay for everything, and you never make a move!
Yeah. But whatever he plans, he always has an eye to money.
Whatever the feelings are or what is the same.
Make sure the URL you requested to remove does not appear in the list of pending requests.
Except for money and big studios, chinese artists have everything they need.
I'm a lot of things but I'm not a thief.
You know that all was fair and above board.
Anything is permitted so don't expect a clean fight.
It is false if you no money!
All the rest is flummery.
Don't stand there like a jackass, get to work!
No one was going to call him a jackass and get away with it.
Basically just being Jackass before Jackass was even cool.
That's my other cousin, but thanks for bringing that up, jackass.
To move passengers through more swiftly, Gongbei Border Inspection Station opened 10 temporary channels for exiting passengers.
Zhongshan Armed Police Force and Frontier Station held a farewell ceremony for nearly a hundred veterans.
Ning Deng Border Inspection Station
My wife worked in the Ning Deng Border Inspection Station.
She worked in Baidu.
Zhu Ling worked in Baidu.
I wrote the jackass Bible, the jackass Koran, the jackass Talmud.
If my jackass teachers could hear you say that!
Every school has an obligatory psychotic jackass.
How do you keep a jackass in suspense?
He a jackass.
Nobody likes him.
the East-West All-Star Game
Are you going to the ball game?
a game of billiards
I blagged some tickets for the game.
a blinder of a game
the closing stages of the game
Who will be commentating on the game?
children playing a game of cowboys and Indians
She looked so dejected when she lost the game.
They were bitterly disappointed at the result of the game.
The players' behaviour on the field is likely to bring the game into disrepute.
What is the reason for the game's enduring appeal?
He spoiled my enjoyment of the game by talking all through it.
First, I'll explain the rules of the game.
The younger teachers were considered fair game by most of the kids.
He finagled some tickets for tonight's big game.
The game was played to a packed grandstand.
Players use a haptic device such as a joystick to control the game.
It turned into a real humdinger of a game.
The game was marred by the behaviour of drunken fans.
a game of football used as a metaphor for the competitive struggle of life
The next game will be a real test of their mettle.
The game was cancelled owing to torrential rain.
The game has already been postponed three times.
The game will be a pushover.
The game's not over till the ref blows the whistle.
to restart a game
It was rough justice that they lost in the closing seconds of the game.
to give a running commentary on the game
It's satisfying to play a game really well.
Before the game we were definitely the underdogs.
He was injured in the first game and unluckily missed the final.
This game is a variant of baseball.
